Releasing her is... complex.
It's your problem.
It is both of ours.
Samia's alive.
At least. she is
as long as our deal is.
Our deal is alive. trust me.
Hassan Zamani is still a target.
No.
We're losing a gold mine here.
I've made my decision.
You can access anyone's phone
who works here. yeah?
I want my whole team
set up like this.
Give me a map
with 16 blinking red dots.
Hassan is coming to London.
You're going to get him here.
Henry said
he's no longer a target.
I convinced Henry
of his value.
Should Gremlin be walking
around town at night with a boy?
Get on a plane.
We'll meet somewhere safe.
I'm gonna fix everything.
I promise.
So you're gonna
be there. too. right?
I-I'm too scared to go alone.
Of course.
Rendezvous with Viking
is a goat barn
outside Kaga Bandoro.
If anything takes you
by surprise in the field.
there's an 80% chance
that it's us.
If you want to
back out of this. you can.
I'm in.
Government advice here
is for Westerners not
to leave the city.
So if anyone asks.
we're just going
to the hotel and the NGO.
Got it?
Someone's coming over.
-Vous deux là. You two!
-It's okay.
-American passports?
-Yeah.
Venez avec moi. Viens.
Just answer their questions.
English?
So you are here
with this medical NGO?
We're volunteers.
I'm a nurse.
Uh. we're here
for a couple weeks
to provide training
and care in Bangui.
So...
you are a nurse. yes?
Call this number.
Speak to Valhalla
in Kaga Bandoro.
So you are American?
Is that a problem?
You tell me.
♪ "Love is Blindness"
by Jack White ♪
♪ Love is blindness ♪
♪ I don't want to see ♪
♪ Won't you wrap the night ♪
♪ Around me ♪
♪ Oh. my heart ♪
♪ Love is blindness ♪
♪ Blindness ♪
♪ I don't want to see ♪
♪ Won't you wrap the night ♪
♪ Around me. yeah ♪
♪ Oh♪
♪ My love ♪
♪ Love is blindness ♪
♪ Oh. love is blindness ♪
♪ Oh. blow out the candle ♪
♪ Blindness ♪
What'd I tell you? We'd be fine.
Weren't you scared?
I was terrified.
Those guys?
'Kay. let's get in there.
-I'll take your stuff.
-Yeah. Thank you.
Mm-hmm.
-See ya.
-Bye.
Our boy landed safe.
Commander Pruitt. please.
I'd like to present...
nickel-plated...
.357 Colt Python.
-Voilà!
-Ventilated shaft.
Daniela.
I came as quickly as I could.
You contacted Hassan Zamani?
That's right.
And I also got him
to come here to London.
I told you that getting
in touch with him was
-strictly forbidden.
-Wait. You...
Then I what?
Changed your mind.
Did I?
Martian said he persuaded you.
He did?
Wait. Is this a test?
Let's start over.
Martian instructed you
to reach out to Hassan
to bring him to London
in order to make direct contact?
Yes.
-And he said I knew about this?
-Yes.
He said he convinced you.
Very well.
What's going on?
Nothing. Nothing for you
to worry about.
Simple office miscommunication.
Right.
Tell me where you're at
with Zamani.
Full update.
This isn't working.
Is there a problem?
You have
to go to Access Control.
Why?
We'll escort you.
You. uh... you're back
in charge of Gremlin.
-In addition to Woodchuck. or...
-You can do both. yes?
What happened?
Is Martian still involved...
-Martian's not here anymore.
-Excuse me?
You heard me.
He's not... he's not here?
Is he still.
-Deputy Director O...
-Not here.
Why am I being dismissed?
You know I can't
tell you that. sir.
I'd like to talk
to Henry Ogletree.
You are to have
no further contact
with anyone in this building
or headquarters.
Any attempt to do so
could be interpreted
as a violation of
18 U.S.C. Section 798.
The Gulf
Human Rights Association.
An NGO based in Abu Dhabi.
They fight for prisoners
of conscience... reporters.
opposition leaders held without
trial. that sort of thing.
Is this some sort of
shell charity
supported
by British Intelligence?
Let's just say. um...
we trade favors.
Hemedti and his UAE friends
insisted we use them
to free Samia.
They're keen
to appear reasonable
on humanitarian issues.
We've held up
our end of the deal.
Well. Sami isn't free yet.
But. as you can see.
it's happening.
Any day. she could walk free.
So. let's close
your end of the deal.
She isn't free.
-This could still backfire.
-Any time.
For any reason.
without any explanation.
Hemedti could backtrack.
So could we.
Her picture is up.
a phone call takes it away.
-No one will care.
-I will deliver your end.
Zamani and his girlfriend booked
a one-way ticket to L.A.
this morning.
They're not going back to Iran.
They're out for good.
So... problem.
-Girlfriend booked the tickets?
-Hassan did.
His phone. His card.
I'll handle this.
Didn't your agent tell you this?
Contact is once a day.
For security.
I'll fix it.
Hey.
It's so great to see you.
Something good came
out of your ordeal.
Congratulations.
-I mean it.
-For what?
For surviving
a Pasdaran police station.
You stuck to your training.
And it's landed me
back in London.
-Mm-hmm.
-What's happening?
Lay off Popeye.
Put any relationship with him
on hold for the time being.
What?
Martian.
He wants to talk to her.
You can't talk to her.
I'm still your superior.
Nice try.
Hey. You don't understand.
The target is strategic.
You cannot drop it.
Martian...
it's over.
You going out? I thought
I was coming over for dinner.
We can't. Not tonight.
What? Why?
Don't go up there. it's a mess.
We had a break-in.
You didn't have any of
your stuff here. did you?
-Your laptop or anything?
-Uh...
No. Like. a toothbrush
and some clothes.
-Are you okay?
-I'm fine.
Just going for a run
to clear my head.
I'll call you later. okay?
Stay at your mom's tonight.
Get in.
Have you lost control?
Listen...
Samia Zahir is being flown
into Abu Dhabi.
After that. they will
transit her to London.
Meanwhile. you chose
this precise moment...
I haven't lost control.
Oh. Then why am I hearing
you've been fired
pending investigation?
If it's true. you don't have
access to Hassan Zamani's file.
I can make Samia disappear
just as easily
as I made her appear.
So. answer the question.
Have you lost control?
-You can't make her disappear.
-Oh...
Try me. cunt.
You need Zamani.
So cut the bullshit
and help me solve this issue.
Remember how I made contact
with you the first time?
A hot mic in a cigar bar.
Well. do you know
any of our ears
or microphones in the ground
you're not supposed
to be aware of?
Okay.
Hey! Get your hands
-off me. motherfucker.
-It's okay. Be cool.
What's going on?
They want to search our stuff.
Look. we don't want
any problems.
We've got nothing to hide.
You have work visa
until the 6th.
If you miss that plane.
you'll be arrested.
Welcome to Bangui.
We hope you enjoy your stay.
You okay?
It's okay.
Good morning. sir.
Yeah?
Your driver is
waiting downstairs.
Mm.
Our driver?
Oh... Shit.
Robyn. Wake up.
They're here. They're waiting
for us downstairs.
-Hey.
-Bonjour.
You have the money?
How much?
-Thousand U.S. dollar.
-Uh...
Hold on.
They said 200 in there.
Ah. if it's too much. then good
luck finding another driver.
Uh...
All right.
Here.
-This is 500.
-Right.
I'll give you the rest
when we arrive.
-Okay.
Let's go.
I'm gonna grab some water
for the road.
We have water.
I actually have to use
the toilet.
Just give me a minute.
-Morning.
-Hey.
He's leaving the hotel
in Bangui.
There's an update?
They're on the road.
So far. your boy is good.
I. uh...
think very highly
of Owen Lublin.
Well. let's hope that. uh.
he doesn't piss you off
and you fire him
before you discuss it
with anyone else.
I don't have a problem
with your decision.
You followed protocol.
But still... Martian?
Come on. He brought Coyote out.
He spent years
building our network
in the Horn of Africa.
You didn't even hesitate?
You didn't take-take a moment
to think?
-To ask me?
-Oh. I did think.
About one single thing.
Loyalty.
"Loyalty." Okay.
All right. when? When?
When was he disloyal?
He pushed Gremlin
towards a promising lead
that was already approved.
And then was ruled out
as too dangerous. By me.
He didn't have authority
over that decision.
Made a cowboy call.
No respect for chain of command.
Shit like that gets
good people killed.
Gremlin got arrested by the IRGC
because of Hassan Zamani.
So we put one of our own
at inappropriate risk once
and got away with it.
Martian then gets it
into his head.
immediately. to do it again?
And didn't run it past me. Why?
Because he knows I would
never agree. so he cut me out.
That's insubordination
and withholding of information
bordering. frankly. on mutiny.
You sure this hasn't
become personal?
Personal?
I don't know. I'm asking.
This isn't screwing my wife or
telling jokes behind my back.
Why would it be personal?
Some raw SIGINT
from Richardson's office.
It's a cable to
the British Foreign Office
from their ambassador
in Saudi Arabia.
Confirming that Majid Zamani
has been promoted...
underscoring his key role
in the future of Iran.
-So?
-Henry. you know we haven't had
an agent high up in Iran
in many years.
No one in the West has.
This may be the one.
And I still say it's too risky.
We play risk versus reward.
Gremlin stays on Zamani...
regardless of Martian.
By the way...
mutiny?
Come on. Captain Bligh.
Get off your gangplank.
Zamani remains
our priority target.
He's flying to the States.
Booked on a flight
to LAX tonight.
I don't give a shit.
Break some fucking legs.
What?
Oh. nothing.
No problem. Traffic patrol.
No problem.
Don't say anything.
Let me do the talking.
Who are these guys?
I think they're with the UN.
Shit. There's no signal.
This whole country
has no signal.
-You have the sat phone?
-Yeah.
Can I use it?
Why?
I want to text my mom
and tell her I love her.
It's fine. Just wait.
Please.
Okay.
Just be quick.
Shit. He saw you using it.
He's gonna ask for our stuff.
so just give it to him.
Don't argue.
It's okay.
Are these guys kidnapping us?
I don't think so.
What's going on?
We are giving them a ride.
They are going
a little farther up.
They want us
to drive them closer.
They're wearing
Rwandan uniforms.
Are they with the UN?
Gangs dress up as UN
when they are not.
My guess. these guys...
these guys not good guys.
Hey. Fellas.
Happy to give you a ride.
What is it?
Business or pleasure?
Oui. Business.
Yep. What?
He wants your shoes.
I got that. I'm not...
What the fuck?
Uh... Come on...
Okay. Great.
Here you go. Yep.
Great deal.
Oh...
Wait.
Thank you for helping me.
It's so ugly.
I don't want Hassan to see it.
It's no problem.
Is that thing nice?
I don't think I like it.
You want it?
Ah. I think I'm good
for a secondhand foot spa.
You don't want
to put your feet in here?
Oh.
Now.
Who is it?
Ah!
Hey. It's me. Daniela.
Did you know?
What?
You knew. You organized it all.
What are you talking about?
You and Darya plotted together
-to get us to come to London.
-Hassan. stop.
-Stop. Hass...
-Did she tell you
to get me out of the way
so she could leave me?
-Mm?
-What?
You knew.
Here you are. so nice to me.
So sweet.
"Hassan. Hassan."
You think I didn't see it?
Admit it.
Admit it!
Did I whip her. too?
I'm sorry.
She's in shock.
Did she say that?
So she spoke to you.
Mm. Maybe she just needs time.
I'm going crazy.
You're not going crazy.
You're hurt.
I'm sorry.
I don't know what I'm doing.
It's okay.
You don't have to.
I'm here.
And I do.
Oh...
What a transformation.
Wow.
Wow. wow. wow.
Oh. Beautiful job
on the bruise on her cheek.
You look like Cinderella now.
Hmm?
Things are looking up.
I'm going to need a little
more confidence you. uh...
understand our arrangement.
My job is to look attractive.
return to the West.
and tell everyone they've got
the situation in Sudan
all wrong.
-Mm.
-The general and his militias
are a force for
peace and stability.
Our best chance
at good government.
Good.
Wow.
Great job. ladies. honestly.
All around.
Good job.
-Can I get you anything?
-No.
When you got home from Ethiopia.
I was concerned about you.
I was afraid you'd struggle.
I don't know. mess around
and hurt yourself.
-What a goddamn rube.
-Henry...
You didn't follow
my instruction.
My orders.
You told a NOC
to follow a target
for your own personal reason.
I think Zamani is a better call.
A stronger lead.
Better intel for risk.
-We're blind in Iran.
-Bravo.
Bravo.
I-I was always a fan.
even before I knew I was
watching a fucking performance.
You calling me a liar?
Back at the farm.
I took you under my wing.
Taught you everything
you needed to know.
Everything I knew. Everything.
This is how you repay me.
What are you saying?
I betrayed you?
Henry...
-how have I betrayed you?
-That's the worst part.
I don't know.
I-I should. But I don't.
Why?
Because you made sure I didn't.
But... and listen to me.
motherfucker... I will know.
I will.
You are one of the few people
in the world who know
exactly how good I am at this.
so you better fucking believe
that I will know.
Hey.
Think I'm running a game?
-Is that what you think?
-From now on.
you don't have the privilege
of knowing what I think.
Ladies and gentlemen.
We are honored to give
a very warm welcome
to Dr. Samia Zahir.
Her release was the result
of a persistent effort
on behalf of the GHRA.
the UAE government
and of human rights workers
in Sudan.
Dr. Zahir has honored us
by choosing the UK
as her safe haven.
It is with great emotion
and relief
that I hold out my arms to her
in the name of our nation.
Thank you to
the British Foreign Secretary.
and I'd like to thank the UK
-for giving me a warm welcome.
-Excuse me. sir.
To feel safe again...
Dr. Zahir has requested
that you leave immediately.
...supported and heard.
That is a gift
I will carry with me always.
The last months have
tested my strength.
But they have also shown me
the power of
international solidarity.
Hey.
What are you doing?
Thought you'd be here.
-You okay?
-I'm fine.
Where'd you get with Owen?
You still worried?
Yeah. only so much
I can't sleep.
Well. what's keeping you awake?
I heard them call Viking by
a Russian name on a intercept.
but I can't figure it out.
What's the name?
Comrade Siniyovich.
Right.
That's the name he traveled on.
Sure. they give foreign
recruits Russified names.
but "Siniyovich" isn't
a Russian surname.
Means. like. "son of dark blue."
It's weird.
Russians have
two words for blue.
goluboy. which means pale blue.
siniymeaning dark blue.
"Son of Dark Blue."
They're 24 kilometers
from the Valhalla base.
Give me the other half of
the money. I go now. Thank you.
Just... Wait a second.
Let me talk to them first.
They'll be less jumpy
around a woman. Trust me.
Hey. what about my money?
Sorry.
Sorry. Uh...
Five hundred.
I told them who we were.
About the NGO in Bangui.
And. uh. how you're here
to help keep me safe.
Come on.
We made it to the barn.
Our team just got us
GPS coordinates.
When will the African Union
step in?
Soon as possible.
They'll get Owen out of there
long before Viking arrives.
Sitrep on AU special forces?
Owen's sat phone.
2.7 kilometers away.
There was no other option
because of the terrain.
Revised ETA?
15 minutes.
Hello?
You need to access.
Snow White's cell phone
by connecting it
to Owen's sat phone.
Uh. it's Martian. He's asking me
-to check something.
-Hang up.
-Look for the word "Siniyovich."
-Uh. he's insisting.
Hang it up.
He wanted me to access
Snow White's cell phone
by connecting to it from
Owen's sat phone Bluetooth.
-Why?
-To search for the word.
"Siniyovich" within her phone.
-"Siniyovich"?
-Viking's nom de guerre.
It's Russian for navy blue.
Have you been
talking to Martian?
What. I shouldn't have?
Is it technically possible
to do what he's asking?
If his sat phone is
within 20 feet of her cell
and they're both on.
-I can try.
-Is it noticeable?
-The screens may light up.
-No.
We can't do anything that puts
our agent at risk of discovery
in a room with armed hostiles.
Come a long
way to see your brother.
That's good.
Does he know I've arrived here?
We told him.
And when will he get here?
A couple of hours. What?
You in a hurry?
I haven't seen him
in three years.
Thirsty after long drive?
Why not?
Sure. Have any water. too?
Vodka is water.
The AU are ten minutes out.
Martian again.
Put him on.
If you find Siniyovich
in the sister's phone.
she's in touch with Viking.
Viking won't show.
If it's a trap. there'll be
video on Telegram in an hour
of Owen getting his brain
smashed through his mouth.
Hold.
What do you think?
-Uh...
-He has a hunch.
Question is. do
we risk lives on his hunch?
If you have any doubts.
forget it.
Listen to him.
We're listening.
So what about your story?
-You're from Russia. right?
-♪ Take the bottle ♪
-I am from Russia.
-♪ Shake it up ♪
With love. huh?
-♪ Break the bubble... ♪
-From Russia with Love.
That was a James Bond movie.
Okay.
I'm up in Snow White's cell.
Search the root.
-Uh. "Siniyovich." like this?
-That's right.
Search in Cyrillic as well.
in case she has it installed.
Okay. Searching...
No Cyrillic.
Good sign. I guess.
Do you play?
Not well.
Viking doesn't like
if you don't play.
Oh. that's right.
I-I think Robyn told me.
He... played when he was a kid?
He won a bunch
of prizes and stuff?
He is unbeatable.
Why you think
we call him Siniyovich?
I thought that you guys
called him the Viking.
Smarter the man. the more names.
Isn't that right. Steve?
Siniyovich. Siniy.
Temno-siniy. Deep blue.
Ovic. Son of.
Viking is the son of Deep Blue.
Deep Blue.
The computer
that beat Kasparov. right?
First time
computer beat a human being.
Here. nobody beats Viking.
Huh.
Well. I'll try.
-Vlad.
-Huh?
I-I... I lost connection.
The-the sat phone
just dropped link.
Oh! What the...
I don't know. like...
The AU report hostiles
neutralized.
KZ clear. Package safe.
Get Owen out of there.
Were you able
to search Snow White's phone?
If she contacted her brother.
it proves
they're setting Owen up.
Viking won't show.
Martian. this is Ogletree.
Don't call back again.
Can we still search her phone?
No. the link is dead.
They must have
-removed the battery.
-Fuck!
All right. there was one thing.
A weird website flashed
on Owen's screen earlier.
Dogs in fancy dress.
-You taking the piss?
-No. there's no way it was Owen.
but maybe it was her.
Maybe she used his phone
to contact Viking.
Search the same text.
Steven Barker?
I'm Steven Barker.
Let's take him away.
Wh... What about me?
Hey! Hello? What about me?
-This yours?
-Yeah.
Get in.
Where are we going?
We're taking you to the UN
airstrip 30 miles away. Get in.
Owen Lublin has left.
Robyn is safe.
The barn is now a kill zone.
There a list of
registered users?
Yeah. In the code. I can
take a look
and find where it is.
No Siniyovich.
There.
Deep Blue.
Shit.